Translation of "Building on Lisk" into Indonesian (#264)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: tutorials/cashback.md

//server/index.js
const { Application, genesisBlockDevnet, configDevnet } = require('lisk-sdk'); // require application class, the default genesis block and the default config for the application

> configDevnet.app.label = 'Cashback-blockchain-application';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configDevnet.app.label = 'cashback-blockchain-application';
```

> 

Reviewer: Change line 75 to `on line 4 the application instance gets initialized`, also on line 71 we can remove the the comma - `On `line 2` we require the needed dependencies from the `lisk-sdk` package.`

> If you want to change any of the values for `configDevnet`, check out the [full list of configurations](../../lisk-sdk/configuration.md#list-of-configuration-options) for Lisk SDK and overwrite them like described in [step 7](#7-customize-the-default-configuration)

At this point, you already can start the node and the network, to verify that the setup was successful:

```bash
node index.js | npx bunyan -o short
```
`node index.js` will start the node, and `| npx bunyan -o short` will pretty-print the logs in the console.

If everything is ok, the following logs will be displayed:
```
$ node index.js | npx bunyan -o short
14:01:39.384Z  INFO lisk-framework: Booting the application with Lisk Framework(0.1.0)

> 14:01:39.391Z  INFO lisk-framework: Starting the app - Cashback-blockchain-application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
14:01:39.391Z  INFO lisk-framework: Starting the app - cashback-blockchain-application
```

[...]
```

## 3. Create a new transaction type

Now, we want to create a new [custom transaction type](../custom-transactions.md) `CashbackTransaction`: 
It extends the pre-existing transaction type `TransferTransaction`.
The difference between the regular `TransferTransaction` and the `CashbackTransaction`, is that Cashback transaction type also pays out a 10% bonus reward to its sender.

So e.g. if Alice sends 100 token to Bob as a Cashback transaction, Bob would receive the 100 token and Alice would receive additional 10 tokens as a cashback.

> If you compare the methods below with the methods we implemented in the `HelloTransaction`, you will notice, that we implement fewer methods for the `CashbackTransaction`.
> This is because we extend the `CashbackTransaction` from an already existing transaction type `TransferTransaction`.
> As a result, all required methods are implemented already inside the `TransferTransaction` class, and we only need to overwrite/extend explicitely the methods we want to customize.

> Now, let's create a new file `cashback_transaction.js`, which is defining the new transaction type `CashbackTransaction`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, let's create a new file `cashback_transaction.js` which is defines the new transaction type `CashbackTransaction`:
```

// the code block below starts the application and doesn't need to be changed
app
    .run()
    .then(() => app.logger.info('App started...'))
    .catch(error => {
        console.error('Faced error in application', error);
        process.exit(1);
    });
```
> *See the file on Github: [cashback/server/index.js](https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-sdk-test-app/tree/development/cashback/server/index.js).*

## 5. Start the network

Now, let's start our customized blockchain network for the first time.

The parameter `configDevnet`, which we pass to our `Application` instance in step 3, is preconfigured to start the node with a set of dummy delegates, that have enabled forging by default.
These dummy delegates stabilize the new network and make it possible to test out the basic functionality of the network with only one node immediately.

This creates a simple Devnet, which is beneficial during development of the blockchain application.
The dummy delegates can be replaced by real delegates later on.

To start the network, execute the following command:

```bash
node index.js | npx bunyan -o short
```

> Check the logs, to verify the network has started successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the logs to verify the network has started successfully.
```

> If an error occurs, the process should stop and the error with debug information will be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an error occurs the process should stop, and the error with debug information will be displayed.
```

For this, we utilize the http API of the node and post the created transaction object to the transaction endpoint of the API.

> Before posting the transaction, let's check the balances of sender and recipient, to verify later that the transaction got applied correctly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before posting the transaction, let's check the balances of sender and recipient, to verify later that the transaction was applied correctly:
```

> Checking the account balance of the sender:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check the account balance of the sender:
```

```bash
curl -X GET "http://localhost:4000/api/accounts?address=16313739661670634666L" -H "accept: application/json"
```
```json
{
  "meta": {
    "offset": 0,
    "limit": 10
  },
  "data": [
    {
      "address": "16313739661670634666L",
      "publicKey": "c094ebee7ec0c50ebee32918655e089f6e1a604b83bcaa760293c61e0f18ab6f",
      "balance": "9999999600000000",
      "secondPublicKey": ""
    }
  ],
  "links": {}
}
```

Checking the account balance of the recipient:
```bash
curl -X GET "http://localhost:4000/api/accounts?address=10881167371402274308L" -H "accept: application/json"
```
```json
{
  "meta": {
    "offset": 0,
    "limit": 10
  },
  "data": [
    {
      "address": "10881167371402274308L",
      "publicKey": "addb0e15a44b0fdc6ff291be28d8c98f5551d0cd9218d749e30ddb87c6e31ca9",
      "balance": "1801188117",
      "secondPublicKey": "",
      "delegate": {
        "username": "genesis_100",
        "vote": "9999999680000000",
        "rewards": "1500000000",
        "producedBlocks": 26,
        "missedBlocks": 0,
        "rank": 70,
        "productivity": 100,
        "approval": 100
      }
    }
  ],
  "links": {}
}
```

> Because the API of every node is only accessible from localhost by default, you need to execute this query on the same server that your node is running on, unless you changed the config to make your API accessible to others or to the public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the API of every node is only accessible from localhost by default, you need to execute this query on the same server that your node is running on. This can be changed in the config file to make your API accessible to others or to the public.
```

> Make sure your node is running, before sending the transaction

```bash
node print_sendable_cashback.js | curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d @- localhost:4000/api/transactions
```

If the node accepted the transaction, it should respond with: 
```
{"meta":{"status":true},"data":{"message":"Transaction(s) accepted"},"links":{}}
```

> To verify, that the transaction got included into a block:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify that the transaction was included in a block:
```

```bash
curl -X GET "http://localhost:4000/api/transactions?id=5372254888441494149" -H "accept: application/json"
```

```json
{
  "meta": {
    "offset": 0,
    "limit": 10,
    "count": 1
  },
  "data": [
    {
      "id": "5372254888441494149",
      "height": 2048,
      "blockId": "12427514488773581697",
      "type": 11,
      "timestamp": 3,
      "senderPublicKey": "c094ebee7ec0c50ebee32918655e089f6e1a604b83bcaa760293c61e0f18ab6f",
      "recipientPublicKey": "addb0e15a44b0fdc6ff291be28d8c98f5551d0cd9218d749e30ddb87c6e31ca9",
      "senderId": "16313739661670634666L",
      "recipientId": "10881167371402274308L",
      "amount": "100000000",
      "fee": "10000000",
      "signature": "0a3f41cc529f9de523cadc7db64e9436014d1b10ca2158bbce0469e8e76dfd021358496440da43acaf64d0223d3514609fc1aa41646be56353207d88a03b1305",
      "signatures": [],
      "asset": {},
      "confirmations": 5
    }
  ],
  "links": {}
}
```

> In this example, the sender gets paid back the transaction fee as cashback:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the sender received the transaction fee as cashback:
```

const { Application, genesisBlockDevnet, configDevnet} = require('lisk-sdk'); // require application class, the default genesis block and the default config for the application
const CashbackTransaction = require('./cashback_transaction'); // require the newly created transaction type 'CashbackTransaction'

> configDevnet.app.label = 'Cashback-blockchain-application';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configDevnet.app.label = 'cashback-blockchain-application';
```
